hey friends today I'm going to be
sharing a drugstore haul in review but
this time around it's a skincare series
some of the stuff I have owned for a
while and some of the stuff are brand
new so I just decided to just lump it
into my drugstore haul and review series
that I typically do for you guys so
let's go ahead and get started one of my
favorite things that I like to use for
blotting my skin is by clean and clear
oh my gosh you guys it's like the oil
absorbing sheets I've known about this
since middle school so it's it's been a
long time since I've known about this so
you pretty much grab one and you put it
on your face and it will blot out the
oils that you have and what I like to do
is I squeeze my nose with it because
that's the most oïleus place and you
guys can see how like transparent it
becomes and that's my oil and then I
flip the other side and I do my forehead
because that's where I get oily too and
I also put it on my chin and it kind of
blots your face instead of you having to
apply more makeup to mattify your skin
so I definitely recommend it if you guys
are not into makeup or reapplying
throughout the day and you just want to
blot it oh it works so well oh and
another tip you guys if you guys don't
want to buy this I also heard that this
is really weird but toilet paper cover
works too like you know the toilet paper
sheets that you put on top of the toilet
paper in public restrooms I've heard
that if you get one and you cut it up
into little pieces and you do that to
your face it absorbs the oils too so
that's just a little tip even though
it's not something drugstore if you have
acne prone skin like me and you get like
those really big cystic acne like I do
like those really big ones this works so
well at like minimizing the size of your
pimple and it dries it out the next day
I mean the next day it's not going to be
completely gone but it's going to be a
lot smaller it's the clean and clear
advantage acne spot treatment it has
salicylic acid and the thing is like
during pregnancy I'm not allowed to use
it so I haven't been using it but this
is the backup that I had before I got
pregnant so if you guys are not pregnant
you guys can use it it has salicylic
acid but if you are you should avoid it
because you're not supposed to use
salicylic at another skincare product
that I reckon
then would be those B or a no strips and
it also comes with face strips I ran out
of the nose strips because I used it all
but the face strips are pretty much the
same thing you wet your skin make sure
that your skin is dry I mean make sure
your skin is clean and then you wet it
make sure it's damp and then you peel
the paper off and then you put it on
your face and you leave it there until
it becomes completely hardened and then
you peel it off sometimes it hurts when
you peel it off but then you see like
your whiteheads and all the gunk and
honestly it's really fun to see and see
all that gunk there's this one from the
eye Momoko site that i think is way
better i think it's by the brand dr.
post but this is a good drugstore
alternative but it's not as good i I
would say but overall I thought I'd
still recommend it because it is a good
drugstore price and it's easily
accessible or an outdoor facial
moisturizer I really like the set of
field moisturizer this one has SPF 50
I've talked about it so many times in
videos you apply it on your skin it
never ever broke my face out and it
really protects my skin from the Sun
because I have that type of skin where I
have like brown fresh freckles and when
I go out in the Sun my brown freckles
get darker so I don't want it to get
darker so I always have to put an SPF on
my face so this is great under makeup
it's not too greasy but if you are
taking pictures it does create a white
cast and it does take a little bit of
time for it to absorb into the skin so
you do have to take your time into like
you know really rubbing it on your skin
and also don't forget the neck area
because the neck area shown stuff shows
the first signs of aging so make sure
you do your neck and your face and then
doing a separate SPF for the rest of
your body I'm going to talk about one
more face product and then I'm going to
continue on with body products so I just
bought this at CVS it's the st. Ives
oatmeal scrub and mask and it says that
it's supposed to soften skin and smooths
away dryness so what I did was I tested
it as a mask the first day I bought it
so I washed my face completely and then
I put it on in it as a mask I covered my
face and I left it on for about five to
ten minutes
and then afterward
so I went ahead and I washed my face and
I used a washcloth to kind of easily
remove it and I did notice that my skin
was really soft but I didn't think like
whoa miracle worker here you know what I
mean so it's a very gentle mask like it
softens your skin and it doesn't ever
hurt your skin like other masks do this
is really great for sensitive skin and
maybe if you have eczema
I recommend it because oatmeal is so
beneficial for your skin if you have any
type of dryness eczema redness on your
face so I definitely recommend it for
those with that skin type and as far as
a facial scrub I actually use that more
than the mask type I pretty much just
will wash my face and then I'll use it
to exfoliate my face and it's gentle
enough to use every day
unlike the microdermabrasion one that I
mentioned before in a previous video so
I would recommend it it's a good price
and it's very gentle on the skin as far
as a body lotion I talked about this so
many times but I have loved this for
years upon years it's so incredibly
moisturizing it's by st. Ives
it's the oatmeal and shea butter line
I'm like obsessed with that line if you
guys can tell the lotion smells so good
it smells very light it's not very
strong so you can still wear perfume and
like your lotion and perfume won't be
competing for like said attention it's
just incredibly moisturizing I love it
during my pregnancy and I'm still
pregnant like but when I was like in the
stages where like my skin was stretching
I would rub this on my stomach and it
felt soothing on my skin because oatmeal
is known to soothe the skin and soothe
any dryness and itchy irritated skin so
it's my year-round lotion I freaking
love it so much so this is my first time
trying a diol body wash never in my life
did I think I'd want to try it but it
smells so good it's called the vitamin
boost lotion infused moisturizing body
wash and it smells like Kiwis alright
let me see if there's like a set name I
just got it because it smells good but
this one is in the green container and
it has a Kiwi on top or in on the
deiner it smells just like Kiwis it's so
incredibly moisturizing i use a loofah
to wash my body with and oh I absolutely
enjoy the smell like when you get out of
the shower your whole shower or bathroom
smells like fresh Kiwis it smells
amazing and I like the fact that it's
moisturizing so I definitely recommend
of course I had to mention the other
body wash by sate eyes I had to complete
the whole oatmeal and shea butter line I
have been using this body wash forever
I'm pretty much running out that's why I
picked up the dial one this is called
st. Ives oatmeal and shea butter by wash
and it gently soothes dry skin this is
actually my go-to body wash during the
fall and winter because I have really
dry skin during that time I still use it
in spring and summer but I kind of tend
to try other new scents and other new
products during spring and summer just
because you know I don't really need
that extra moisture like I do so badly
in the winter and fall but I definitely
recommend it it's so gentle it doesn't
smell strong I just it's so inexpensive
I just have wonderful things to say
about it that's pretty much it those are
some products that I recommend as far as
skin care and I titled it drugstore haul
in review because it's part of the
series of drugstore products that I like
to review I hope that you enjoyed this
video please give it a thumbs up and
I'll be doing more drugstore type of
videos in the future and I'll see you
guys next time bye hey friends today I'm
going to show you how to make oatmeal
soap which is perfect for those who have
sensitive skin red skin or eczema and
it's also a really great gift idea and
this is a beginner's way of making soap
because I'm a newbie